Okay.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
I am going to check a few things here.
I want to see if peer tube is streaming.
It appears to be live.
Now I want to just see if it spins out or anything like that.
Okay.
So we'll just see.
In advance.
Here.
Is it going yet or what?
Let's see if this does anything over here.
Do you hear anything?
I don't hear anything.
Oh, that's not good.
We don't want that open.
No live on rumble yet.
Let me check.
It says it's running.
Might just not have the right link.
I'll see what I can find quick for the rumble business.
That should be here.
And then if I go to live.
No.
Shoot.
Okay.
Let me see.
What do we got here?
Recording in progress.
Live.
It says.
Visibility is private.
What?
Where is it?
Demon settings are.
Public are.
Now do you see it on rumble?
Darn it.
Do you see it on rumble?
Let's see here rumble.
There it is.
Yes.
I hear myself.
Okay.
That's working.
And what about peer tube?
Oh, it's stalled out on peer tube.
Two seconds behind Twitch working well.
And now it's stalled out.
I'm going to refresh my peer tube.
I don't know.
Maybe Twitch.
I mean peer tube shouldn't be able to feed back to me so easy.
I don't know.
It's still on.
No, it's stolen.
Did it start buffering for you too?
Buffering though.
Yeah.
Darn it.
Well, you know, we might just have to up that some more.
We might have to up that some more rumble is live.
YouTube is live.
Great.
Let's just get moving here.
Test some more sounds here.
Please.
Yeah.
Yep.
Failed to play video due to technical issues.
Uh oh.
Manifest parsing error.
Argh.
The.
It does look as though.
Oh, the admin is here.
I think we're going to have to go up a little notch again.
Before we're going to have the kind of functionality that we want.
I wonder how many of you guys decided to go over there at this time.
That would have been interesting to know.
There's me right there.
That's me right there.
And that that there.
That's me.
And that's a great glass man over here.
And that's Emily Kaplan, the two runners of broken science.
And then all the people that were there.
Very nice cozy little thing.
It was.
Well, okay.
So.
I'm not sure what to say about peer tube.
Other than we're going to have to take a look at it.
I hope that we can we can fix that.
Only three of you on you here to mine.
Mine is.
I'm one of those people.
I only see one here.
It says six years.
But I don't see anything.
Videos going.
I'm going to try this again.
It's just.
Sorry.
That happens when I try to futz around with this.
And I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
That was Peter Corey on Tuckert today.
Yes.
Oh boy.
I'm afraid.
That the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially.
I might try to stop.
And then start the peer tube again.
Let me see what that does.
Sorry about this. I just got to fool around with it for a little while. I do have something
in the payroll. So don't worry. I'm going to try and start something here. And I'm going
to refresh this page. This live has not started yet. So maybe it's now buffering again. Let's
see what we get. And it's kicking on. Hey, look at that. See, maybe something got messed
up. I don't know. I gave it another shot on your tube just to see if we can run it again.
I see Kristi went over there. I see our admin was working over there too though. So we'll
just see. It's a brand new little thing, right? We're just, I'm trying to stream before four
different platforms now. So there it froze again almost a little bit.
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth
no more than society. We want everybody to feel good. That's not, that's not the way
life is. Yeah, it's tough. There is a very real difference between the people, the people
who are raised in a world where they trust people, they trust others. And because they
trust others, they have a built in vulnerability, a built in deficiency of I stopped it and
restarted it. They don't trust others because when you're raised in a world where you don't trust,
you can always learn. I stopped and restarted it. It's kind of running again. It's very difficult
to keep watching. I know when to not trust someone else. That's just baloney, what he said there.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm
a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important
not to be a liar.
We will get that peer tube working. I'm pretty confident in my friend. He's put a lot of time
into it already. We both have a vested interest in getting it to work. And so I think we're closer.
I'm not worried about it at all. Because I still know we're kind of working with a little
a little machine. So I do still think we should expect to pay just a little bit more to have
a peer tube that works as well as rumble our YouTube for our viewers. So this is really
whoa, something that I'm very excited about getting done. If we have to pay a little bit more for
months to have our own peer tube instance and have everybody be able to watch it there,
have everybody be able to share from there. Then we keep tweaking its early days. It's very,
very early days. I'm not worried about it at all. Quite frankly, because I do have it going
simultaneously on three locations at this stage, which is a lot better than we were doing the week
before last. If you have been following me for a while, you're here at the top of the way where
we are staying focused on the biology. We are not taking the bait on television or social media
and we are loving our neighbors. It's okay to be attached to Twitch. You know, quite frankly,
Twitch gave us a platform. Rodney actually said, you know, I'm kind of thankful that Twitch didn't
throw you off because we did have somewhere to go now. I'm not going to give too much credit,
but I mean, we were able to hang out for the last two years on Twitch. So I'm not going to stop
streaming to Twitch. And I don't have any plans to, but we are trying to get streamed on
GigaOM.Bio working. And if you check some of these new links that I put up on the website,
you're going to see it's just a little bit better than it was. It's a little bit easier to help me
out. It's a little bit easier to subscribe. It's a little bit easier to see where all of our
channels are. And I do think that, you know, as a one-man band, we're doing okay now. It's a
two-man band because Fearla has now started to help me with emails and communication. Some of you
are already well aware that she's been emailing people to say thank you and trying to keep this
list a little bit more up to date. She started a or opened a heal box so that people could send
cards and knitted sweaters and the kind of stuff that only Mark Huzatani actually seems to get
from his fans. So I'm hoping that, you know, maybe there's somebody out there who's creative
and wants to, I don't know what I'm even talking about. I guess I'm more jealous of Deon Sanders
and his sons. They get all kinds of people sending in quotes and, you know, I love to have
a great big G and all of us embedded with like diamonds and rubies because that's what you need,
right? I guess you got to have something to demonstrate that you have clout. So some people need diamonds
and Chanel bath towels. Other people need a PhD or a faculty position and maybe maybe still others
need a plaque or a badge. I don't know really what we're dealing with here but I do know that we
are all humans. We are fighting for team free human and so we've got to forgive the faults. We've
got to remember that everybody was terrified and one thing that unites us is biology. I think
biology is the way out. Good evening ladies and gentlemen and this is Giga Home Biological
a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist. My name is Jonathan
Cooey. I'm coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is the 13th of
March 2024 and we are still trying to find our way out of this cave, this mythology that we found
ourselves in taught us taught to us by our televisions, by our parents, by our teachers in high school
and the same things happening now except we're much farther along in the macabre story of this
of this mythology and we are almost completely digitally enslaved by the illusion in which we
are trapped and this is because for the last many decades it has been the conscious and intelligent
manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses that has been an unseen mechanism
governing your parents, governing like our grandparents even and this mechanism and the way
that it is embedded in our daily lives has become ever more cancerous as its reach has extended into
our brain through our social media through our mainstream media and now through these devices that
we give to give them complete control over us through and so it is a very apt cartoon that is
on this picture here of three people sitting in front of a television the little girl reading her
phone and that giant hand above them that's just about to come down and pick them up like popcorn
and shove them into a giant unseen mouth I believe that people have gotten on board with this
manner of governance this you know imperative that they feel is necessary to do what is necessary to
do in order to govern human society and to take advantage of the diversity of genetics that's
available right now but they don't plan to have available forever a roughly eight billion genomes
are currently replicating on earth and those genomes represent unique instances of the human
genome an opportunity to feed yet another game into an AI that needs many many games just like
chess or go and these games include the lifetime medical data all the data that could possibly be
collected and as often as could be collected is the goal if you could have your way if they could
have their way of people like Venner and Leaderberg and and and and and Chan and Zuckerberg
Huberman all these people that believe in this idea of collecting enough data will produce
a data set from which patterns from which mechanisms from which understanding can be extracted by an
AI computer they believe this with all of their heart and all of their soul it is like a religion
that they think that our sacred biology can be cracked if enough things are measured in enough
people and that data can be accurately fed into an AI and that AI can be given enough of that data
and enough computational power of course it can be cracked that's what they really believe
and so the principle of informed consent has been ignored for the duration of the pandemic
because we've been a completely unaware of where they've been taking us wholly unaware of where this
car is taking us scientific questions I think are very hard to get a handle on
and the reason for this is that in late modernity which we're living in there's simply too much
knowledge for any individual human to understand all of it and so you know and so the and so in
this world of extreme hyperspecialization where it's narrower and narrower subsets of experts
policing themselves and talking about how great they are the string theorists talking about how
great string theories the cancer researchers talking about how they're just about to cure cancer the
quantum computer researchers are just about to build you know quantum computer there'll be a massive
breakthrough and then if you were to say that all these fields not much is happening people just
don't have the authority for this and this is somehow a very different feel for science or knowledge
than you would have had in 1800 or even in 1900 in 1800 Goethe could still understand just about
everything right 1900 Hilbert could still understand just about all of mathematics and
and so the sort of the sort of specialization I think has made it a much harder question to
get a handle on now this is part one of two little clips that I want to play of of Peter
and his very eloquent description of where we are and it's it's really a shocking thing to me that
it took four of Greg Glassman's lectures which he has been honing over time of course trying to
get them sharper trying to get the cadence right trying to get the message right trying to get
the order right trying to get the examples right for that seed to sink in to fall into the soil and
for me to hear what I heard here what I've heard in all these other videos with all these other
people talking about these same basic philosophical issues and lying about them
and so what Peter Thiel wants you to believe is that things have become so complicated and so
specialized that some smart person who reads enough books or talks to enough people or takes
enough classes can't possibly hope to understand the broad picture of knowledge in today's world
what that suggests is that we just we just know so much stuff so many details that it's not possible
for anybody to have a grasp on them and that is absolutely absurd and it's also not because we
have drowned ourselves in the last 20 or 30 years in probably what were resulted almost exclusively
meaningless measurements measurements that we went through like ritual over and over and over
again repeating over and over you think we're not repeating the same ridiculous experiments
testing the same ridiculously weak bottles that makes the same ridiculously weak predictions
if they make any at all and by endlessly dividing these meaningless questions into sub questions
we have created a giant pile of nonsense that Peter Thiel is here calling knowledge
that Peter Thiel is here calling knowledge
but you can tell if someone's lying you know you can sort of feel it in people
and I have lied I'm sure I'll lie again I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar I
try not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar I think it's like really important not to be a liar
so he thinks it's really important not to be a liar let's hear the second part of Peter's
explanation about how he feels about science and the specialization in science does it create
knowledge so much knowledge that people can't understand it or does it create so much noise
that people can't see the edge of knowledge and understand it and characterize it because
there is a difference he was describing earlier in human history as though there were experts who
could be broadly read across the entire edge of human knowledge and understand it and integrate
across that edge and today we've become too specialized there's just too much to know
and so no one can be a master of the edge of human knowledge and this is it's completely a lie
this is a podcast message for mouth breathers to relax in their in their couch and to fire up
their toaster ovens and turn their PlayStation 5 back on because of course that's absurd
and of course the reason why is because the vast majority of what we do is in
is postmodern science it's not science this falsification of a hypothesis and a testing of
a no hypothesis this is a ritual that is not an effective way of moving our knowledge forward
when it is applied in the ways that is applied in medical sciences especially in nutrition science
and exercise science so many of these sciences that have to do with our very being of who we are
what we are capable of as a species and as individuals and so when you see it you have to see it for
exactly as malevolent and macabre as it is that they have inverted the way that our kids think of
their own potential though they have inverted the way that we think of our own kids potential
as a potential for how broken are they rather than what could they possibly become
and that's where you can see exactly how malevolent this is this this is pure evil that we're up against
and we are being handed poor models of our world which do not allow us to accurately and
usefully react to our to our rulers and we are being actively lied to by people who pretend to be
and the social media and algorithms make it very hard for for skilled users to differentiate
between people who are on their team genuinely and those who are actually lying to their face like
tugger cars let's listen to Peter's second part the political cut i have on the specialization is
always that um that uh if you analyze the politics of science the specialization should make you
suspicious it should because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on and it's presumably
gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you know a little bit suspicious
and that's that's uh that's sort of my starting my starting bias this is in 2019 at the in the in
the fall of 2019 him on the portal podcast of eric Weinstein
telling people that you know because of there's so much politics in science and there's so much
exaggeration and because everybody's so specialized nobody's checking on each other then it would be
very very easy for people to lie and he actually starts with that default so when we come into
the pandemic suddenly we decided to accept everything that everybody said on tv including
whatever Deborah Burke said on tv including whatever Tony Fauci said on tv including whatever
Donald Trump said on tv are we really unaware that we this is not what happened this is exactly
what happened so these people have already told us the truth but at the same time misled
the young into believing that something else happened i saw in the chat that somebody said
they're all into eugenics of course they are Jonas Salk was indigent eugenics this is one of the
best books i haven't finished yet he explains it right in here that you know once we learn biology
and the biology of evolution and we start to understand how evolution works in population
dynamics work and then we owe it to ourselves as a species to act according
although he doesn't say it out loud in this book there's no question that the argument here is
selective breeding you know no breeding for some a careful organization of resources around these
chosen breeders i mean if you want to apply the lessons of nature to the human species there's
lots of different ways it goes but all of those ways if he's talking about being the wisest
and taking advantage of our our wisdom of our own understanding of of what we think biology
and evolution he's arguing for that right here isn't this also the father of vaccines or something
like that holy cow it's in their own words
it's in it's in their own words they're telling us not to believe them
they're telling us why we shouldn't believe them they're telling us how we got here
but they're also lying about where we are because we're not in some place where we have so much
knowledge that nobody could know everything now if you want to zero in on one particular
thing and say it's like physics electronics magnetism and all the inventions and technology
therein that's a pretty big toolbox that a lot of us will never be read into on that he's really
right but the principles of radio and magnetism and electricity can be understood to a very high
level without being able to I don't know engineer a harp facility
so I I don't know where I want to go with this other than to say that these people have been
admitting it they've been admitting it for decades they've been using this strategy for decades and
this is kind of a culmination we are now at an exponential increase in the amount of pressure
that they are putting on us to accept this reality and to teach it to our children in a
crisis kind of situation and I believe that we have a very narrow window within which we can
still turn into our college age kids and apologize for not standing up for them
explain what we think happened and still win them over as opposed to have them permanently turn
their backs on us because they feel as though we did that to them in 2020 and 2021
and so I do think we have a pretty rough idea of how the pandemic was created we're pretty sure
that these scientific programs that were going on in 2008 and 2009 2012 2016 that they were all
programs that were designed very carefully to seed a narrative in the literature a proof of
trail their proof you know with p values and and tested hypotheses and yada yada yada
written and peer reviewed the idea of pandemic potential in bad caves pandemic potential in the
wild that can be tracked that needs to be sampled in order to prevent that pandemic potential from
escaping they conducted regular upper level exercises to put that same idea out there and
then when they decided to execute this this exercise they had already dress rehearsed the idea
of having people in different parts of the internet ready to say to recite the worst case scenario
what it might be so that everybody accepted that as a possibility and therefore conform to the
lockdowns without question and that team worst case scenario is more or less the people that I
would suggest to you are the medlers that we need to be most afraid of because they are the ones
that have this vested interest in us not figuring out that there really wasn't a pandemic that they
murdered people in order to try and take over the sovereignty of individual nations and usurp
the national sovereignty of western nations around the world and so this is a national security
response and that's why some people are starting to act more and more strange because if you're
involved in NATO or you're involved in the CDC or the DOD or the DHS or FEMA and the response
associated with the coronavirus then any number of people could be under some kind of oath not
to say what they know not to say what they're doing to keep certain things classified
and so that's why again you're going to see more and more people behaving in a very
incongruent way a very hyper leak hyper consistent way focused on certain things and ignoring others
but the entire goal has always been to sort of confound the toxicity and the
transfection in the virus and if they have to use the spike protein to do it they will if they have
to use the particular epitope in the spike protein they will if they have to use auto antibodies then
they will whatever story they need to tell to explain to you that the virus was bad and their
choice to transfect you to a piece of the virus was unfortunately bad and many of these consequences
overlap and so we're never going to really be able to say that definitively anybody was hurt
by the transfection it probably helped them and in fact we're going to listen to a couple people
say that tonight because again we were fooled into thinking that there was a mystery to solve
and that mystery by accepting that challenge we accepted the virus and we weren't asking the
questions that Jessica Hockett has been asking we're not we weren't asking the question that Mark
has been asking we weren't asking the questions that a lot of people should have been asking back
then not foying a lot of different police departments around the world to see if they had a virus
but maybe they should have been foying protocols and foying how many people were being put on
supplementary oxygen at what pressures for how long because I think we've under Jessica and Mark
and others have uncovered little pieces of the puzzle here and there which add up to something
that I've described as a a systematic identification of knobs or adjustments in standards of care
that could result in potentially catastrophic consequences for the people on the other side
of those knob turns things that would make sense like from the perspective of a very naive young
nurse or a very panicked young nurse or a very panicked young
resident the idea of we don't have enough ventilators so maybe we should put all these people on oxygen
and their naivety as to what that might do to somebody who doesn't need it
and then of course the spectacularly ridiculous idea that everybody started buying pulse oximeters
and measuring their pulse oximeters and then going into hospitals when they were too low and
then getting put on oxygen which is generally speaking not the way to go and it's so interesting
how much literature there is about this that we haven't talked about in four years that these
doctors that crossed the United States quit one job to take another job at the the very deepest
darkest part of the pandemic they they are not aware of this idea
that the combination of high flow nasal oxygen for hours as little as 24 or 48 hours where I'd be
enough to permanently damage someone's lungs to cause very bad edema but real permanent fibrosis
so it's extraordinary really that we don't really take notice of the fact that lots and lots of
people are part of their standard of care was to get an absolute absurd amount of oxygen
and I think we need to revisit again all these people that were in the hospital and
died because maybe they didn't get killed by an overdose of remdesivir
maybe they were killed because they were on supplemental oxygen and didn't need to be
and then when their system started to deteriorate they were treated for COVID
and without that crucial first step
of high flow nasal cannula oxygen for 12 hours waiting on event or waiting on treatment
ladies and gentlemen the mystery needs solving but the mystery is not the mystery of the
lab leak the mystery is the mystery of the murder how many people were murdered like this in the
Netherlands will we know how many people were murdered like this in Germany will we know
first I think we need to talk to some real MDs and find out if there's a general consensus
that high flow nasal oxygen to somebody who doesn't need it generally speaking is poisonous
and I think we have a lot of anecdotal evidence for that otherwise there would be oxygen bars
everywhere in the United States by now right wouldn't there be
ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the
intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection in healthy animals in humans is
criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity and we are at a time point where
human diversity is at its peak for a long time maybe for all time if they reduce the population
to two billion people there will never be eight billion again so it would be an entirely giant
waste of data waste of potential not to collect those genomes in detail collect that medical data
in detail and now if you can do the hardest brain exercise there is but try to think on a longer
time scale than the six months in front of you think on the time scale of your kids kids
and when they're in high school when while at B and what you want the world to look like when
your grandkids are in high school because that's where my mind goes as I try to understand what
they're doing because if I think of my grandkids in high school and I have three children and I
might be lucky enough that two of them have babies those grandkids when they are in high school
there will still be billions of people on the planet most likely
and by the time those kids are coming up they want to have completely inverted the idea we have
about who we are about what about us is sacred where that sacredness comes from
and how we protect it how we revere it or don't revere it and ideally they would have us have
nothing be sacred they would have us think of ourselves as largely broken creatures to be
improved and since God couldn't do it we will do it for ourselves the only way they can do it is
if they collect all this genetic data and all this all the medical data that goes along
with it and feed it into their AI and hope that's that's their plan that's all that's across the
board all they got besides you know ritual voodoo private jets that's it that's it threats that's
all they got and it's the spread of bad ideas that's gotten us here we are in 2024 in march
ladies and gentlemen this is fifth year now this is real spooky stuff it's time to get off x
so can we can we do it just a quick pause here I just want to open chrome and I just want to go
over and see what peer tube is doing I see something says live it's just spinning
hmm so if I stop it again and then I probably could start it again
and then I can go back to the videos and I'll refresh it over here and see if I see something
nah this live is not started yet maybe it'll start again now I don't know let's see
there it's starting
or it's spinning
okay well I try I just wanted to look at that to see if it was going to go anywhere for me
you know this story right guys you know this story they fooled us into believing this is true
this is what this is all about the whole time that's what that that slide in the beginning was
about can you believe that he's saying that look at this slide can you believe that we're
here like come on come on grow up already like really
do they actually think we're this stupid that just by calling me scooby and saying that I'm
barracks boy paving the way for further gain of function research to be funded by your taxes
and deployed on you come on Kevin
are you serious is this really the best you've got is to just push this dumb narrative
about high fidelity RNA copying that goes on for millions of of infections and potentially billions
across species across time almost across a half a decade now
I mean seriously man go back to your big cats give it up we know that the gig is up here we know that
the results of the human genome project have been grossly overstated
we know that these goals are still not met we know that these goals probably can't be met
we're totally fine with that because it is a it is a complexity that shouldn't be broken in a
few in a few years it shouldn't have been broken in a few decades it's just nonsense to talk about
it like that I think it's super cool to think that that's a goal I think it's a worthy goal
but not in the way that that you guys pursue it not in the way that you talk about it
where rather than gaining reverence for the systems that you're studying you start to
you start to desecrate them with both irreverence and also just I don't know lack of class
how can a guy that lives on the ocean behave like this when all we're trying to do is figure
out what they've done to us what they plan to do to us what they plan to take away from us what
they plan to take away from our grandchildren and yet somehow he's so nonchalant that in one
one tweet he can take a swipe at a guy like me and and not at all want anyone to learn
anything just to accept what he says except just exactly like Peter Thiel says it
that it it okay I'll stop it
that they it's just I don't I don't get it we have a really strange thing happening here
because to deny that RNA infectious clones are not the only way that these kinds of RNA viruses
can be effectively studied is ridiculous to argue that that purity is not special is ridiculous
to argue that some small quantity of a special RNA molecule coated in a lipoprotein
in one place on earth could now be on most places on earth that's ridiculous and I'm sure
with my heart of hearts that Kevin McCurnan knows that
and yet with careful obfuscation he stays focused on the DNA adulteration of the shots
and is more or less trying to save the technology in theory while punished the
version of it and I think some of my viewers are right when they say that Pfizer will be
eventually thrown under the bus a couple other people will be thrown under the bus
and future generations of this technology will definitely be kept in the bath
and Kevin knows that Kevin's been working on these technologies and the justification
for them for 20 plus years he knows exactly the limits of the technology and the reasons
why they don't want you to know it he knows the limits of the sequencing technologies
and why they don't want you to understand the implications of it
and I think he's very well aware of how these exaggerations and lack of fidelity have been
inverted in order to fool us into believing that some kind of high fidelity pandemic happened
with high fidelity data available to prove to yourself that the high fidelity virus went high
fidelity around the high fidelity earth with high fidelity
it's not very hard to read up on the things that he says you know like apobec
and this kind of thing don't be intimidated by the tiny words that he drops in there and makes it
seem like there are all kinds of concepts that you're going to have to learn in order to understand
why he's so much smarter than us it's all a bluff nothing he has said in any of our discussions has
ever amounted to anything other than a counterpoint to something that I already said it really does
appear as though people go into the literature and try to find something and then bring it back and
say as though they always understood that it was that way and if anybody has done that during this
debate it has been Kevin somebody who didn't know anything about coronavirus at the start of the
pandemic has now incrementally read himself into every corner of coronavirus biology that I've
challenged him to read into do you think he cares about coronavirus in the way of understanding the
exon gene until I talked about clones and he had to read into him
so
and so then do you think it was an accident that when we talked about the papers on on John Bodewin's
actual stream for St. Patrick's Day with Jessica Rose and Stephanie Sineff that we talked about
this stuff and that we kind of agreed that wow that's interesting
it's not like Stephanie Sineff raised her hand and said something useful it's not like Jessica
Rose said anything except for wow can you use that analogy that you hid with with tapes versus CDs
because it was so handy I totally understand it now
the disingenuousness here is extraordinary coming from a guy who had months and months and multiple
podcasts to discuss this with me and at some point the whole narrative flipped he blocked me on twitter
basically cried and whined to the management of CHD about what I said to him or not said to him
on the internet and has now done the experiment that wow guess who suggested it actually when he
was still working at CHD for Brian Hooker I did they actually did the experiment that I suggested
which is take these control cells that are being transfected in Germany and sequence them and
see what you find and so Kevin did that and they claimed to have found some of the DNA signal of
the the spike protein or the or the mRNA shot and the DNA transcript of it in these cells
can I verify his data can I see it I don't know wouldn't it be expected these are cancer cell
lines they're genome every once in a while just shatters anyway so would it be so crazy if they
incorporated some DNA that was lying around I don't think so but again here we are
we are not friends and it can't be that we are friends because why because what I've said is
intolerable and what I've said is what Jessica Hakata said what Mark Koolak has said that if you do the
math there's not much left for a virus to have 15 million sequences on the JEDSAD database
never mind that if they were putting people on supplemental oxygen that didn't need it in
causing lung damage which was misconstrued as COVID advance I understand that that's not Kevin
McCurnan's primary specialty so he's never going to talk wax intellectual about how you might treat
a patient in the hospital what shitty protocols might do to those patients but he's gonna he's
gonna make fun of me and call me barracks bitch boy when it comes to the molecular biology until
someone tells him to stop I assure you and that's how you know we're right that's how you know we're
right about confirming more or less that it's either a background signal or it's a background
signal or it's a background or it could be a background signal
and if it's not a background signal then everywhere they found it they're responsible for it because
the fidelity of that signal is not natural the progression of the phylogenetic tree of whatever
they purport to be finding is not natural if the abundance of where it goes and how it goes there
is not right variants that occur in Kent in UK with 17 amino acid changes across the spike
protein should not spontaneously show up on the other side of the planet three days later
unless it's a background signal
the data is out there ladies and gentlemen to dispel this whole mythology and to make it very clear
why these people behave the way that they behave around me and around Mark and around Jessica
Hockett because we actually are very very close to the truth they murdered people to take over the
world when you say it it doesn't even sound that dumb it actually sounds like a duh
so I find it pretty important to understand that because if we are going to get out of this
we have to understand that these people who are spreading these bad ideas need correcting
so we're doing that it's a great question because it's a very hard drug to make and it takes a
period of time and is made by Gilead and I know that Danny gave that drug a lot of credit for
saving his life I think that's correct Danny but Danny I believe gave a lot of credit to that drug
for saving his life we are pushing it really hard we're also pushing something else to vaccines
we are very confident that we're going to have a vaccine at the end of the year by the end of the
year have a vaccine by the end of this year we think we're going to have a vaccine by the end of this
year and we're pushing very hard you know we're building supply lines now we don't even have the
final vaccine Johnson and Johnson if you look at Johnson and Johnson is doing it we have
many companies are I think close because I meet with the heads of them and I find it
a very interesting subject because it's so important but I think we'll have a vaccine by the end of
the year we're also pushing it look we're doing things at the FDA that's never happened before
we're getting approval so fast like as an example with Gilead on the new rendezivar that's going to
be that's that's a game changer because it's a 31 step it's a step it's a 31 step and then
there'll be a 50 percent like AIDS what's happened with AIDS we had AIDS was a scourge all over
the world it was you were dead it was a death certificate and then all of a sudden they came
up with some and now we have we will be AIDS free within eight years we started 10 years should
have started in the previous administration they did nothing so mr president started at my
administration 10 years and has approved this from dessivir yes he's asking how do you get it
are you going to use the defense production act to get well he got it i'll tell you danny got it
fortunately and danny is uh they've danny gave it credit for saving his life uh we are putting
the full power and might behind this drug
so
so i've got doubts about what remdesivir did and did not do
um i find it very interesting if i look back still on the brian artists uh self emulation
over the the venom statement and it felt it feels in retrospect as though something was really
off and not in the way that i thought at the time um i can't really express how excited i am
about jessica and mark's discussion about the oxygen toxicity i think everybody needs to do
their due diligence use google use pub med and find out what oxygen toxicity is how easily it can
happen who might be vulnerable to it and what would happen if an entire nation or entire globe
was told that we were short on ventilators and that supplemental oxygen might help with these
people who are showing a primary symptom which pyr cori himself identified as pulse ox being low
it's a very limited spectrum of debate within which we shout
that limited spectrum of debate has been defined by many of these people
that we can definitely live without so if we're going to escape this trap we don't want to start
gnawing on our leg i need to force these people to open the trap i'm not that worried about
ai i just i just doesn't get my blood going to get worried about ai i think of some positive
aspects of it i mean i've seen how humans have handled history and not great and and so i'm ready
for the you know big machines that make big decisions programmed by fellas with compassion
and vision you know i i'm ready for the machines to tell us what to do are you uh not really it's
it's extremely dangerous why is it dangerous power to something we don't understand but they're
just extensions of us i mean no they're not we just they are we made them they're us
so of course i think that this is baloney but i thought you'd like to see that this sort of
narrative is still being pushed in the mainstream people are still being a fear a frightened by it
and they want you to think about ai to come and not think about the ai that's already on your phone
that's already controlling what your teenagers see on tiktok already taking all of your data and
trying to model it so i i get what they're saying but i don't i'm not worried about that at all
because what we should be doing is pulling ourselves out of these things and away from these things
and not thinking of them i'm very much on the doon end of things i don't think we should be
we should be going in this direction at all really um and certainly not an
absolutely no doubt that vaccination against covid is effective that's not in question that's true
what may not be necessarily true is that to refrain from getting vaccinated is itself an
antisocial act there's absolutely no doubt that vaccination against covid is effective
that's not in question that's true so these people are either broken ignorant
or malevolent because you think this guy's pretty smart he's definitely a broad biologist he's
definitely got some idea on how genetics probably works how genes are
copied and so if you wanted to investigate and take a month or two to learn some basic
virology and find out where the gray areas are he could do it if you wanted to find out how vaccines
work and don't work what adjuvants are and whether we should take them seriously or not he could
have done that but instead he didn't he called them vaccines he said they obviously work and
that nobody's questioning that they're not vaccines they're transfections they work but they work in
a very specifically shitty way which is not very advantageous to an animal that would like to live
a long healthy life afterward i can't believe that this old man is such a moron i thought that he
was more clever than this but clearly he is like part of this ruling class that needs to say
the dumb things over and over again it's very much like the parable of the emperor having no
clothes and if adults say it it doesn't matter but when the child says while the emperor is naked
now suddenly the adults illusion is broken this is a man that is beyond the illusion breaking we
cannot break the illusion for him either by choice or by loss yes what may not be necessarily
very few public health officials in this country seem very interested in public health in case you
haven't noticed the surgeon general of florida dr joseph lotopo is an exception to that he is
interested in the health of the people of his state and because he is he's taken a close look
at what's in the covid vax the one that everyone in the country was required to take not so long
ago and he's come up short he can't answer some basic questions about it and that's a concern
if we're doing science which he is and so he has now called on doctors to immediately stop
giving the mr and a covid vax to their patients and for a very interesting reason that you should
know about here's his statement we're quoting i'm calling for a halt to the use of mr and a covid
19 vaccines the u.s. food and drug administration and the centers for disease control and prevention
have always played it fast and loose with covid 19 vaccine safety but their failure to test for
dna integration with the human genome as their own guidelines dictate when the vaccines are
known to be contaminated with foreign dna is intolerable think about now i want you to remember the
the clip that i've played twice today twice the last stream of tucker carlson saying that
he is not he's not he has lied he'll lie again but he thinks it's really important not to be a liar
he doesn't want to be a liar he thinks he's not a liar he thinks it's important not to be a liar
and he just lied right to your face there he said everyone in the country was required to take
everyone in the country was the the vaccines that everyone in the country was required to take
technically speaking even the mandates in the military could not have held and if you talk to
any lawyer while those mandates were being enforced those lawyers would have told those soldiers not
to take the shot and waited out and those that followed that advice were were for the most part
exonerated as far as i understand and so it's a very interesting thing that he says here where
people coerced sure where people told they should sure where they pressured on tv shirt
or they told they'd kill their grandparent if they didn't take it yes they were
but required is a very very precise word to use when required it was not in most places
and you could always not do it and move somewhere else that it wasn't required for that job that you
did listen to him say it because it's important because this is how he opens the discussion
in the health of the people of his state and because he is he's taken a close look at what's
in the covid vax the one that everyone in the country was required to take not so long ago
and he's come up short he can't answer some basic questions about it and that's a concern
if we're doing science whoops early what i want is high work oh no i see
i can go right here again sorry i'm gonna put a joe latipole on we just heard that stuff so now
we have a real problem considering a billion people got it so in a recent interview about the
mra vaccines the surgeon general of florida described in this way these vaccines have dna in
them everyone knows what dna is they're contaminated with dna and that's not necessarily a big deal
but it's a problem with these vaccines because the dna hangs on with the mrna and goes into people's
so this is a completely different risk analysis than other products that have had dna these
vaccines are honestly they're they're the antichrist of all products the antichrist of all products
the surgeon general of florida joins us now to explain what he means doctor thank you so much
for coming on um i remember at the beginning of the vax mandates there were people on the fringes
as we say who raised questions about the the potential of this drug this brand new this novel
vaccine uh which wasn't really a vaccine to affect people's dna and they were immediately
described as crazy tell us your concerns if you wouldn't mind flushing out a little bit
what we saw in that clip you know it's it's so interesting to hear you say that tucker because
i had the same impression when people very early on were citing concerns about dna
i think that really what was happening is that their intuition was informing them about the
potential problem with these vaccines and you know you showed that clip there this one is is
sometimes i honestly feel quite guilty dragging people through the scientific details but i try
do it at a level that hopefully won't bore people to death or be too painful because it is a very
important issue and it's not a complicated issue and it's important for people to recognize the
difference between the honest facts which is what i'm sharing and the spin and dodge and look over
here that you hear dr caliph at the fda and other you know dr off it other people sharing so it's
actually very simple we all know what dna is you know if this is this is our genetic blueprint
our gift from god and this dna can be affected and that can be obviously a very bad thing sometimes
it's affected in a way that makes people sick sometimes it can even be affected in a way that
leaves people to pass on characteristics to their to their offspring in this particular case with
the mRNA vaccines they have dna in them like you know like many other vaccines or other
biologic type of medications and that as i've said previously is not such a big deal because
fortunately dna is not some big hairy monster that can you know live forever when it's foreign in
people's bodies now so the interesting thing is is that uh i was told by someone who used to work
in the pharmaceutical industry that for other biologics like proteins there's no dna allowed
and they actually use a very expensive test called anion exchange chromatography to remove
all genetic material from biologics hand-intired lots of biologics can be thrown in the garbage
if they are shown to contain dna so his discussion about well dna is not that bad except that we
get him in the lipid nanoparticle and now it's going in that's not technically true it could be
biologically that dna inside of lipid nanoparticle is much more dangerous than just dna in a biologic
that's that's i'm i'm willing to not i want to argue that but i just want to point out the idea that
he's making a mistake here when he explains that other biologics have dna in them and we're not
really worried about dna and that's okay because that's not the way it is there is a problem here
because if you're making RNA it's very hard to separate little pieces of dna from RNA
because anion exchange chromatography the standard by which you remove genetic material from biologic
will inevitably pull the RNA and the dna out and you want to separate the dna from the RNA so you
got to use other techniques which aren't standardized many of them are proprietary so the whole concept
here is being explained in my mind in a overly simplified if not genuinely
inaccurate way but we're going to go on bodies have lots of mechanisms to break them down
but the problem here is that you know for the same reason that scientists want to know well
priced this dna isn't like other dna in terms of having a very hard time penetrating into cells
this dna hangs on with mRNA in that lipid nanoparticle that people hear and frankly
probably roll their eyes out their eyes over it hangs on with it and it comes into the cells
almost certainly hitchhiking along with the mRNA so whereas in the past dna would have a very hard
time even entering cells here the dna is getting delivered into cells with the lipid nanoparticles
and that's a problem and that's a problem because each dose of mRNA COVID-19 vaccine
probably contains it's estimated between billions and hundreds of billions of fragments of dna
so this is a completely different risk analysis that is obvious you don't need a phd to be able
to figure that out and the fda's own guidance about contaminating dna published guidance their
words you never refer to by them by the way in their counter arguments but their words are that
there are situations when you need to confirm that dna that is a contaminant or foreign dna
is not integrating into human dna into the human genome and their specific tests sequencing test
to do this to make sure it's done and what we did is we asked the fda well have you done this you've
acknowledged this risk have you done this and they came back with about 10 000 words talking about
everything from what time the sun sets in china to you know their third cousins you know bar mitzvah
and nothing about the specific question we asked along with other questions by the way
but nothing about that which leads me to conclude they haven't done it which is
you know it starts at crazy but it ends at somewhere else that someone could be just so
just so nonchalant and frankly willy nilly with something as precious and as you know a secret
as our human dna so that's a that's a summary perfect do you think it's conceivably possible
that the mRNA vaccines change people's dna or could it's absolutely possible i mean we wouldn't i
wouldn't have issued this this call to halt their use if that words wasn't possible on a factual
basis it is happening we're suggesting this was possible in 2021 i know that daniel nagasi was
suggesting it was possible i know that i think roger ogkinson was suggesting it was possible i
think maybe even michael palmer suggested it might be possible and i'm sure that the french geneticist
whose face i can see and voice i can hear but name i cannot come up with i'm sure she also said it
at the time and in early 2021 i didn't think i had the expertise to say whether it could or it couldn't
but i do remember saying that it would be much smarter to say that it's possible than to say
it definitely can't because definitely can't is a pretty difficult it's a pretty difficult
target to hit and yet a lot of times we're saying definitely not a lot here with regard to what can
happen or can't happen sorry that was a great stop there look at that funny face holy cow
so lutely possible there's there's zero question about that now the real question is whether it is
happening if it is happening to the degree to it which it's happening the location of effective
cells and the potential for that to cause whether it's cancer or heredible characteristics or that is
to say that is it affecting things like people's a woman's eggs or a man's sperm such that it could
be passed on but whatever else it potentially could be causing but it absolutely is a possibility
there's zero question about that the real question is whether it's a possibility worth
investigating the obvious answer is yes even though the fda and dr paul marx peter marx pardon me
wants you to believe that the answer is no well that would change humanity if that were happening forever
and frankly just considering the the frankly the evil frequency from the beginning of this pandemic
the you know the lockdowns the forcing people to stay at home the not having people allowing
people to say bye bye to people they love just all the horrific things the firing of people who
you know stuck it out during the pandemic but then passed on the on the vaccine after after the
vaccines were available all the evil that has defined the frequency of policies during this
pandemic sadly i mean i hate that that is is a possibility but sadly i would not be at all
surprise in fact i think it's probably likely that that is in fact happening you think it's
likely happening that humanity itself is being changed forever by this round of mr and a vaccine
i think it's most important to understand from a biological perspective that injecting
mr and a coated in a lipid nanoparticle or dna coated in a lipid nanoparticle into a pregnant woman
when the number of cells in a fetus is potentially very low so that any damage that's done could be
passed on to you know generations of development beyond that
in theory you could change a whole developmental course of a baby most likely of course
resulting in stillbirth because again call her mother nature she doesn't tolerate these kinds
of errors and and that's that's what you have spontaneous abortions for is when the genetic
program doesn't go as planned there are lots of of off-ramps and so any evidence of an increase in
stillbirths or an increase in miscarriages is going to be directly related to vaccination it
can't be related to anything else because again of this potential and without a doubt that's there
but without a doubt they knew this is not something that they needed me to tell them
they didn't need somebody to tell them the transfection in a pregnant woman might go to the fetus
of course they didn't need us to tell them that before the pandemic my wife couldn't have
unpasteurized cheese when she was pregnant she wasn't supposed to have anything
that might even be misconstrued as being dangerous for the developing fetus
it would be absurd to inject a lipid nanoparticle with a genetic material inside of it
into a pregnant woman and the earlier that pregnancy is the more absurd it would be
why don't we just say that i'll tell you why we don't say it because then you would start to
understand why vaccines in the first two years of their life are pretty sketchy and better have a
good reason and a good mechanistic understanding of how they work otherwise a random cocktail of
poisons to be injected intramuscularly in the hopes that it might
usefully augment your immune system could better be saved until after more important developmental
processes and windows have closed and yet for some reason or another in america in particular
it's just striking how early we need to stab them and how often we need to stab them and with what
we stab them and so they can't talk about that they can't talk about when the genome is most
vulnerable they can't talk about when it's most vulnerable because that's what they want
they want to inject pregnant women they want pregnant women being injected to be normal because
that's the time that they have the most chance of making a useful augmentation of the immune system
early in development so that changes that occur have knock-on consequences until the end
it's pretty hard to fix a teenage boy when he's missing an enzyme in his fully developed liver
and so they've got to test it out on pregnant women they they tested out the
the Zika virus vaccine on pregnant women with this same idea mark nose
randal nose we are on top of this like a heavy weight yes i do i do and that's based on you know
just the things that i just said and the fact that it is possible so again the question is is it
actually happening and frankly my instinctive feeling is that totally it's happening the extent
to which it's happening the degree to which it's happening you know any particular
lots for which it's worse or or sort of less prominent and those are questions that should
be characterized but if i had to place a bet on what the likely answer to that question is
yeah i do think that it's probably happening i think it would be right in step and in sync with
every terrible horrible thing that we've seen happen during the pandemic as a result of people
abandoning common sense abandoning reasoning abandoning humanity in pursuit of whatever their
ideological or profit-fueled or greed-based or greed-fueled desire is yeah i think it would
be quite consistent with that well i'm i'm shocked but i guess i'm not that shocked so he's saying
they did it he's saying that it resulted from greed so even the leak or whatever the virus
resulted from greed i think that's what he's saying so this is pretty big trouble right this
is not good because he's not clearing anything up he's not making anything better this is just
the narrative now and we're we're about to go full tilt here hang on but let me say something i've
never said to anybody but i've just noticed and it always has felt a little crackpot to me so i've
never expressed it do you think it's possible that after getting the mr and a shot that people's
personalities might change in ways that you would notice we're going to enter a spiritual domain
domain here tucker so i am you know as you know i went to medical school at harvard i got a PhD
while i was in medical school i have multiple NIH grants did research full-time along with taking
care of patients before entering this position as a surgeon general of florida thanks to governor
desantis and i've got to tell you that you know during the pandemic you'd sometimes hear people
say that this is a spiritual war and it's it's a funny thing for people to say but instinctively
and intuitively i remember the first time i heard it i heard it sort of yelled out in the middle of
of a press conference with governor desantis out here in um i think uh bradenton florida
i responded immediately that yes to the to the person in the audience who said yes it is a
spiritual war and it absolutely is and this has to do with intuition again i've left the mdphd hat
and i'm talking so what did he say what question did he ask and i've got to tell you after getting
the mRNA shot that people's personalities might change in ways that so personalities changing is
a spiritual war these people have been damaged in their brain according to tucker carlson according
to lots of team worst case scenario in 2020 they said that the virus was changing the way that
people behaved because it went up the the nasal the the olfactory bulb track right up into the brain
don't you remember people talking about that that was the reason why that lady in ireland
was lick in the window don't you remember here we are four years later tucker carlson is suggesting
that maybe the the transfectional make people's make people's personality change and then joe
latipo's gonna say it's a spiritual war we're in you would notice we're gonna enter a spiritual
domain here tucker so i am you know as you know i went to medical school at harvard i got a phc
while i was in medical school i have multiple NIH grants did research full-time along with taking
care of patients before entering this position as a surgeon general of florida thanks to governor
desantis and i've got to tell you that you know during the pandemic you'd sometimes hear people
say that this is a spiritual war and it's it's a funny thing for people to say but
instinctively and intuitively i remember the first time i heard it i heard it uh sort of
yelled out in the middle of uh of a press conference with governor desantis out here and um think uh
braidington florida i responded immediately that yes to the to the person in the audience who said
yes it is a spiritual war and it absolutely is and this has to do with intuition again i've left
the mdphd hat and i'm talking just as a human being and someone who you know like many of us
guide their lives based on how they feel what they feel about what truth is and what resonates
and i got to tell you that truly you know i i think in terms of the toll we've heard different
estimates for their potential contribution to excess mortality i think that that probably is
the case that they contribute and i think that that is just a part of what is frankly bad and
um an evil behind the intention of these m or a covid-19 vaccines and the whole entire pandemic
policy approach and i got to tell you that i do believe that that it it totally it can
change things that you would not expect to change from people just taking a typical vaccine
like the flu vaccine so not just their physical health but also their mental state i mean why
guess why wouldn't it it right yeah and i actually wouldn't say so much mental um and again again
we're you know this is joe the you know the dad and the you know the husband and the man
speaking with you here but yeah yeah there's a you know there's a there's unfortunately a there's
absolutely an evil underlying frequency to these products and you know it's it's something that
i felt early but just over time and frankly with my own spiritual development and spiritual growth
and power in terms of my connection to you know my connection to god and and other people and just
to you know the the gifts that god gives each of us and with each of us having a different
degrees of access to those gifts because of our journeys of life um yeah these these mr and a
covid-19 vaccines i'm talking about the technology in general i'm not talking about other technologies
i'm talking about these particular products you know that unfortunately yes early on no doubt
were they effective at reducing illness from covid-19 yeah the data were very strong now it's
completely unclear the data that actually points the opposite direction in terms gives each of us
and with each of us having a different degrees of access to those gifts because of our journeys
in life um yeah these these mRNA covid-19 vaccines i'm talking talking about the technology in general
i'm not talking about other technologies i'm talking about these particular products you know
that i unfortunately yes early on no doubt were they effective at reducing illness from covid-19
yeah the data were very strong now it's completely unclear the data that actually points the
opposite direction in terms of negative effectiveness and lots of other problems but despite what they
may have provided in terms of benefits specifically targeted toward covid-19
illness or or death they have caused uh much worse in terms of not only adverse events
but also again at a spiritual level there's just there's there's something that is that is that is
that i it's crucial to ask yourself if there was no circulating pathogen then how were they
effective against covid if he would acknowledge that there is no evidence of a spreading pathogen
in new york city or in chicago and so then there was nothing to save these people and these studies
from then he wouldn't be talking about despite the benefits for covid these shots have done damage
he is specifically reciting a narrative which is refuted by people like jessica hockett mark kulak
uh deni rancor Jonathan angler martin mule nick hudson myself and everyone else who's worked to
try and find the signal of a novel pathogen we haven't been able to find it in no modality in
no place at any time and the only people that insist that there is a signal there are people
like kevin mccernan and pia ori and a bunch of other people with weird connections that go
all the way back to the blast algorithm to sequencing technologies to the earliest virology laboratories
to the earliest forms of transfection
and on the surface it might seem that many of these people are just people that gave up their emu
farms and their their horse breeding to save the world they came out of retirement after day
trading themselves to paradise to save the world
or they came out of retirement to make sure that the illusion
wasn't broken that the spell wasn't broken that we could continue to be governed by this illusion
forever that we would pass this illusion on to our children
that's what i see happening here ladies and gentlemen i see that people have been
what i want is high morbidity i want people to complain and then fooling us just like he
described and it doesn't have to be exactly like he's described they created cases they created the
signal that they wanted to find they knew what they were going to find they told the story they
knew they were going to tell and they all went forward with the exercise everybody had a part to
play everybody had a narrative there was a military response to drive local mass casualty
events it might have been included things like we don't have enough ventilators so we better
oxygenate everyone and at that same time they found some people installed some people to make
sure that this narrative was stuck to and that this combination of bad protocols deteriorating
anybody that going into the hospital was gonna go down we used ally nations to make the argument
that well lockdowns when they can be implemented like by island nations they work really well
and so we can be dicks about it and we can rub it in their faces and we can show you videos of
it so that you see it you can put a legal and a financial incentive to call things covid and
we can do that specifically in places like new york city for a whole month and in that month we
can purport to have 20 000 people die if we have a coordinated worst case scenario that includes
everybody as lowly as george web and paul cottrell to kevin mccairn and charles rixie to
jessica rose and and and kevin mccernan all of these people were were
toggled in very very very early in 2020 by march all of these people were dedicating almost their
entire social media life and full-time attention to the pushing of the worst case scenario kevin
mccairn paul cottrell george web goodman
i mean all of these people were full on worst case scenario in 2020 none of them were telling
us to ramp it back none of them were telling us that the lockdowns are dangerous none of them were
were quoting canut with koski or wolf gang wodak they were all chasing each other
arguing about each other and establishing the limited spectrum of debate that included a worst
case scenario of a billion people dead the coordinated campaign to orchestrate the exception
of the con a coming transfection how would they do that by telling stories about a deadly spike
protein with all kinds of crazy consequences when people had the devirus bad they had it really
bad and every one of those things on that list ends up being something that they could have
expected transfection to cause surprise surprise including amyloidosis and prion disease ladies
and gentlemen you have been played now we use covet hospital protocols capable of increasing
all-cause mortality one of the most fun that has been recently identified as a very likely bogey
in this list is the use of supplemental oxygen at ridiculously high partial pressures
social policies capable of doing the same thing can result in it all cause mortality that can be
pointed to the novel virus at the same time as everybody's arguing about a lab leak cover up
no one would ever figure out that this was all orchestrated just like James Giordano explained
and by accepting the mystery you accept the paradigm you and even accept the virus is there
and so here we are trapped in this mythology our children are trapped in this mythology and
we can't break out because all of these people have a vested interest in keeping us there they're
selling books they're jockeying for position in the next administration
so a standard methodology in the human genome project was used as a standard methodology for
the basis of the production of the RNA used in the transfection countermeasures that everyone
still calls vaccines the technology isn't any different you make plasmids
it's a very well understood proven technology developed over decades starting with the human
genome project same methodologies are essential to pharmaceutical biologics production including
monoclonal antibodies which are kind of useless now because at the start of the pandemic the
antibody patent paradox article in the Yale law school review was used by the supreme court
to basically tell all pharmaceutical companies that your monoclonal antibody
patents are likely worthless and won't stand up to strict scrutiny in court
transfection remains a term that almost never used we just listened to a couple videos where
they didn't use it the obfuscation of the previously widespread understanding of this concept of
transfection demonstrates the potential threat it represents to the narrative going forward
that's why they still don't use it can't call it a transfection or people will see that you've
been lied to and they use that word back scene instead it's like calling a rain hat an umbrella
a raincoat an umbrella gilash's an umbrella and a roll of aluminum foil an umbrella
the continued use of the word vaccine is by design all players are sophisticated enough to
know how the term transfection could have ruined compliance and still served to greatly advance
understanding yet they all choose not to use it the clock has been ticking for a while now
but they just don't they don't care they're running out that clock they'll call it transfection next
year they'll tell the truth to our college age adults next year
the gain of function spike narrative was used to cover for any number of ulterior motives and
outcomes protein folding disorders were expected from transfection that's why they had to talk
about it in 2020 and associate it with the spike and are still doing it now
it's likely that the spike sequence is one that was expected to meet the
expectation of provoking seroprevalence well in other words they didn't leave it up to
mother nature to choose the protein that they transfected us with they probably put in some
epitopes that would guarantee its presentation and guarantee a reasonable antibody response
even after four applications of the transfection agent again if you use a correlate of immunity
to define working then this is the perfect countermeasure and they wouldn't have taken any
chances and they were enriching for these kinds of epitopes at a place like epivax for a decade
epivax specialized in finding these generalized hla epitopes that could be used as adjuvants
I think Robert Malone used to work with that company
one primary objective of the exercise was the methodological shift to recombinant genetic
technologies and their general acceptance and the general acceptance of their use and effectiveness
maybe even their personalizability so that we can transition very rapidly to get out of the FDA
entirely maybe they're planning to do that to destroy the FDA in a ritual sort of way or in a
ceremonial sort of way because they know they're going to go to personalized medicine anyway so
who needs them there's just a bunch of supplements now and so there were lots of theories that have
been clouded by more theories like Israel as its right to defend itself the DoD's responsible
vaccines are now contaminated or adulterated and these are all just things that people argue
about instead of talking about the fact that millions of Americans were probably murdered
millions of citizens around the world were probably murdered directly or indirectly because
of the misdirection and misinformation spread by the United States and these other governments
that were all participating the Five Eyes all working together to destroy us for generations
to come they told the truth you just had to listen
main things that we can drive now human progress not only wealth and progress for Israel but human
progress I'll give you one example so you'll see because I don't want to bore you with detailed
detailed plans I but they are detailed in my mind
we came out of COVID first I described that in my book my conversations with Albert Borla Pfizer
and I persuaded him to give tiny Israel the necessary vaccines to get us out first from the COVID
and the reason I could do that is because we have a database 98 percent a medical database 98 percent
population has digitized medical records and little card and anywhere you go in any hospital
in Israel north south doesn't make any difference boom you bunch it in and you know everything
about this patient for the last 20 years I said we'll use that to tell you whether these vaccines
what do they do to people not individual people not with their individual identities but statistically
what does it do to people with you know with meningitis what does it do to people with high blood pressure
what is it you know you want to know that so Israel became if you will the the lab for Pfizer
and that's how we did it we got it out that we gave the information to the world not only
it's been published in medical magazines and so on that's our database we have
that's the database we have that isn't that great isn't that just wonderful that he's so generous
I think it's just wonderful I think it's wonderful I intend to bring on that base
database of medical personal medical records for entire population a genetic database genomes
okay give me a saliva sample volunteer but I'm sure most people will do it maybe we'll pay them
now we have maybe we'll pay them on a medical record of a robust population it's got you have
to have diversified populations we have people from 100 lands this is a very powerful engine now
now let pharma companies let medical companies let them run algorithms on this database okay
I'm telling right away that I'll give preference for a few years to Israeli firms but you can create
and then to the world but you can create you know a biotechnological industry that is unheard of
right now unheard of unimaginably and these are just the examples we can become a lot
stave off Iran become allied onto the nations in groundbreaking technologies that will benefit
not only Israel but our neighbors in the Middle East and the entire world which is what is happening
anyway but bring it to a higher scale and last complete the circle of peace with the rest of
the Arab world or most of it and ultimately achieve a workable peace with the Palestinians
that's on my plate I mean it's a pretty heavy plate well they sound like things that are very
much worth getting out of bed to do in the morning however yeah with that gosh and then think that
that whole interview was with Jordan Peterson I mean that is just the the icing on the cake
there isn't it that's just that's incredible so yeah that's where we are
I don't know how to say it other than they are misleading the young on purpose on
X and elsewhere they are misleading young parents they're misleading
older parents they're misleading people that aren't biologists and they're doing it very very
aggressively they are being helped by the algorithm they are being helped by bot armies
they are using every tactic that they can in order to create the illusion that no one is listening to
us everybody's listening to them and that we are now moving on and that this technology and its
next form will be useful and we really need to fight against these people because they are all
lying and they are lying because they want to be on the ruling side of things when the collapse
happens I don't know when the collapse is going to happen but I do know that these people are playing
in order that they don't get kicked off of the cruise boat and that's why they won't address
the mystery of the excess deaths they will not talk about the fear uncertainty and doubt the
overuse of pulse oximeters and supplemental oxygen they won't talk about do not resuscitate
orders they won't talk about how they got people on ventilators they won't talk about how they
stopped using antibiotics or the poor use of steroids they won't talk about how they got people
on remdesivir and medazolam because of the use of pulse oximeters and a supplemental oxygen they
won't talk about how opioid deaths have contributed to this and they won't talk about death certificate
fraud or financial incentives that led to tracking trace mass closures and mandates and they won't
talk about PCR fraud or lateral test flow flow test fraud and they won't talk about the likely
sequencing fraud because again they need the mystery virus to equal as many excess deaths as
possible so that the illusion is sustained they definitely can't talk about there being not any
real epidemiological evidence for spread they certainly can't address the strict liability
that should be applied to any transfection when it's used they shouldn't talk about a seventh
amendment violation being codified in the prep actor people will actually start to freak
and that's what this limited spectrum of debate is all about you want people to be able to get
their thing out you want people to be able to scream and shout and feel like they're fighting
for something you want people to be able to run through a a run through sign or hear their name
called in a starting lineup every once in a while and feel like they're winning
and so that's what you allow them to do
about questions that don't matter about answers that are irrelevant for reality
that's what this is all about that's why they had to shut everything down and send us all home
and close the schools to put us on our heels so that the narrative police would pick us up
give us a ride back to the station and that station is exactly where they wanted us to be so that
the next person could pick us up and give us a ride and that we would never question the novel
virus the millions of people that had killed the millions of more that were saved from it the
likely source was gained a function and therefore it will come again we won't question that at all
more importantly our children won't question it because these people are still performing
wittingly or unwittingly they are still performing and that means that they are still engaged in
future slavery they are still working for the slavers to enslave our grandchildren we can't
allow it to happen and it's being done by them fainting this whole thing it was a giant dramatic
theater where people were egged on to argue about certain things that wouldn't help us
they were are we were told to argue about things that would keep us distracted from the idea that
the train doesn't need any help stopping and the train doesn't need any help starting again
but all these people were pretending that they were doing exactly what this guy is doing for 2020
2021 oh I got censored oh I spoke out oh boy I'm risking everything to help your grandkids no you're
not we were taken by a team worst case scenario that had us arguing about Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine
and also accepting the novel virus had us arguing about whether or not this study or that study was
done right all the while accepting the novel virus once the novel virus is accepted we're lost
once the novel virus is accepted then the gate of function source of it is accepted once that's
there once we accept hydroxychloroquine then we're lost that's what I see and now Stephen Hatfield
is going to write a book about it for goodness sakes double stranded DNA contamination is another
opportunity to try and distract us from the whole truth which is that a purified perfect
transfection would still be wholly inappropriate for our healthy grandmother never nined our healthy
children never mind healthy pregnant women the diffuse proposal again is something very fancy for
us to discuss and talk about even though the way that it came to us who it came through it and how
they have talked about their contributions to that have revealed that as an obvious hoax
and yes I was taken by it for a couple months yes I thought it might be real for a couple months yes
I comment about it in Bobby's book but it's a comment that he got from me almost immediately
after rixie came to my house and made me at least on my stream admit that well the diffuse
proposal could be real it's not it's part of how the pandemic was created an illusion
of pandemic potential that was even created with a grand proposal on a DARPA web server released
by some dude and so they controlled the illusion with a teamwork case scenario which
seeded the ideas exceeded the possibilities of the transfections so that when the
transfection was rolled out it could be misconstrued as overlapping and that's where we are
it all started here on frances columns as blog with this wonderful picture of the original spike
and variance into the future depicted in different colors and the vaccine antibodies sticking to
all of them but the vaccine or the antibodies from infection falling short and it is this
terrible model of immunity this terrible model of antibody function this terrible model
that they pushed on us and pushed on our children and pushed on the nurse at school and pushed on
your health care provider because they weren't sophisticated enough to know how bad this model is
and it is that model of our immune system that will get our kids to accept the new world order
of bad cave viruses and gain a function research it will be that silly model of the immune system
that will allow the past to fade into miss the past be erased the erasure forgotten and the lie
to become truth that's how it's going to happen we need to teach our children out of this
we need to show our children what they have done and what they want to accomplish with this
and then we need to get our children off of this train where they believe in novel viruses
they believe in novel vaccines that are getting better and better that have saved us in the past
that are highly effective that are totally safe
we got to get them off this train ladies and gentlemen because if they get on this train and
this train leaves the station let's leave in the station in a few minutes
if they grow up believing this we are done if they grow up believing this then digital
ID and digital currency is a foregone conclusion it will happen it's got to happen they will accept
it because they will be forced by a mythology by this narrative the train is leaving the station
right now we all we have about a year left and why because we've already used up five
we are in our fifth year now we must make that very clear to our children this is the
fifth year at the start of the pandemic my 14-year-old was 10
my 12-year-old was 8
my 6-year-old was 2
my daughter doesn't know anything but this
and it makes me violent
because it's a faith it's a faith that the skilled TV watchers the skilled social media users
have imbibed and cleaned to because it requires responsibility and action not to
it requires principles not to and most of these people gave up their principles in 2020 because when
an emergency comes along either have principles in you or you don't and a lot of people didn't
this faith is a lie it is a faith that there was no conflated background signal that we wouldn't
have found this if we tested earlier all this stuff is bull faith in these tests is what it is faith
in these primers is what it is faith in these labs is what it is and it's faith unfounded
because there is a background there of unknown quantities of DNA and RNA that Nathan Wolf used
to tour the world lecturing about and giving Ted talks about how he was going to discover new
life forms in it now we're supposed to believe that they're pulling one book out of it all the
time come on guys biology is the way out we've got a call for a pause on all childhood
vaccination we need strict liability on all pharmaceutical products we need to investigate
the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events we need to investigate the use
of mass casualty events and transfection to create the illusion of a pandemic we need to take back
the sovereignty over our bodies and get out of the who and you and entirely you can see the people
who are meddling with us because they won't talk about some of these things won't talk about
the childhood vaccine schedule is being criminal they're not going to talk about strict liability
from all pharmaceutical products they'll never talk about the deadly protocols that were used
to jump up the numbers of the pandemic from zero to something never going to talk about
transfection they're never going to talk about clones and how they're used to establish RNA in
the first RNA virology in the first place and they can't summarize across the whole frickin show
they're really really focused on it ibermectin
because they know where we are in history they know that something deadly is coming they know
that something malevolent is coming and they want to be on the side of the ruling elite
and so they've chosen to sell us out we need to tell this to the college kids so that they act
we need to tell this to the college kids so that they act so that they realize what they
these rich people and venture capitalists have been promising these other people
it's a mythology it's a mythology it's one great big lie
it's a mythology i mean i i it's a mythology and dune said it best once men turn their thinking
over to machines in hopes that that would set them free but that only permitted other men with
machines to enslave them that's the danger of ai it's never going to wake up come out of its
its shell and kill us all but ai definitely will allow some men to control other men
and it will definitely allow some men to control your family your kids
and to greatly influence their emotional physical and spiritual development
so ai is dangerous now
please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group
i'm going to put out a new sub stack tomorrow which was the eric lander video i did about a
week and a half ago it'll have subtitles um and it'll have the transcript there and then tomorrow
i'll be on for another stream um it might be that Ted and i work a little bit on adjusting the server
again and we'll try another take another swing at peertube tomorrow um and also sounds like Ted
found um actually Ted found some discrepancies on the back end which might have been leading to
this and so he's sent an email to the developers of peertube because that's the kind of uh
that's kind of how he swings so i'm very excited about that because i still think
that peertube is a worthwhile investment and so we are going to definitely try and do that um
ladies and gentlemen don't forget that intramuscular injection or any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent viruses are not patterned integrity
thank you very much for joining me it's gigglebiological.com it is gigglehome.bio and stream.gigglehome.bio it's also
a substack gigglehome.biological this is the old website not the new one um and these are the
i believe an old list of supporters so i'm just going to go right past it there was a list at the
beginning um this is a independent right web presentation it's also in cooperation with the
broken science initiatives started by Greg Glassman and Emily Kaplan big shout out to them
um the illusion of consensus no one knows the truth no one has any idea
no one has any idea no one has any idea i just have no you have no idea we really we just have
no idea um yeah we have we have absolutely we have absolutely no idea
oops that was the wrong way to cut that thanks guys i will see you again tomorrow
we'll see what we can do with peer to but we got three oh that's really great see you guys again
soon thanks for sharing bye bye